[Autogenerated] and will demonstrate now more capabilities of aspect.
J and its annotations would continue the demonstration
of Aspect J based Spring A or B, and we look at the around annotation.
We'll discuss the aspect oriented program mechanisms and will show
how the creation of proxy objects takes place.
Let's go back now to our coat.
Remember, we have a spring application containing a few classes.
Passenger The passenger,
though interface the passenger door in class and the passengers management
class that contains the main method will now create the aspect.
Plus, it is our previously introduced looking aspect class,
but this time will show how to use the around annotation.
First, we have an irritated the class with the aspect annotation.
It contains a private longer field and this metal annotated with
surround that we're going to explain in detail.
According to the argument of the around an imitation,
this method will be executed around the execution of any
method whose name ends with passenger.
The method may belong to any package,
may receive any arguments and may return anything.
You see that this lock method keeps a reference to the proceeding joint point,
meaning the execution of the original method.
First, we are going to get the metal name using these Joint point.
Don't get signature and dot kid name.
Then we'll take the method arguments by using these turning points.
Don't get arcs,
and we are going toe lager and inform message that we call the
method with this name and its first argument,
then will execute the original method.
The joint point.
Don't proceed.
Launches in execution.
The original method will then look the result.
Return by the method and we'll return the result itself.
Let's move now to the configuration that we need to change into the
AARP dot xml file first with reference to the GOP XML name space
and the reference to the spring a o.
P.
Access the or XML scheme.
Our definition that is needed by the GOP exam and name space.
The GOP Aspect J Dash auto proxy directive from the spring
configuration enables the aspect J support,
and we need to add this looking aspect being belonging to the com dot parasite.
Those spring GOP dot example three dot logging aspect class.
Introducing it into the AARP dot xml configuration file.
These bean will arrive under the control of the spring container.
Let's see now how the application works and we're getting your
total functionality provided by the longer aspect,
this time using aspect J and the around annotation.
We remind that we have replaced the usage of the before and after
method with the usage of one single method.
This log method, annotated with around the around annotation,
is more powerful and it provides us access to the
original joint point execution.
This line of code this joint point don't proceed is
executing the original method.
We could have have control and decide if and in which
conditions toe execute the original method.
Let's stop for a minute from the cover demonstration and explain the
mechanisms that are created behind the aspect.
What did we create so far?
We created a passenger thou am plus that implements the passenger door
interface and is defining the get passenger method.
And we also created the Logging Aspect class that contains
the log method with the around annotation.
What we'll do the spring aspect oriented programming make honest.
In this case, Spring will create a passenger door proxy class,
meaning a substitute class in order to be able to substitute the
original passenger thou in class passenger door proxy will have
to implement the same passenger doll interface and to define the
same get passenger method.
This method will first create a logging aspect.
Then it will create a proceeding joint point with a proceed method.
These proceed method will delegate its execution.
Tow the original passenger DAO dot get passenger of i D.
Then it will return the result of logging aspect dot log of joint point.
So jumping into the log method from the logging aspect class.
Well, first, yet the method name.
By executing this joint points don't get signature.
Don't get name.
We'll get the arguments of the method by executing these German point dot,
get arcs and, well, ogre.
The bugging message with the metal name and its first argument
will then execute the original method itself.
We longer debugging message with the method name and its result and will return
the result of the execution of the original method itself,
which are the strategy is to create the proxy objects we mentioned in
the previous model that there is a J take a dynamic process tender
mechanism and a CD lib proxy mechanism.
How does this one's work on the left hand side.
It is the case when the target class is implementing a certain interface spring.
A Opie will create a proxy class and in order this class to
be ableto play the role of the substitute.
It will have to implement the same interface in the case.
The target class does not implement an interface.
The second mechanism see Julie Brooksie mechanism needs to be put in practice.
The proxy class will extend the target class itself,
and this way it will be able to play the role of the substitute.
This is what we see on the right hand side for our concrete.
Please.
Our passenger, though impress, is implementing the passenger the interface.
So as we see on the left hand side,
Spring a Opie will create a proxy class that will
implement the same passenger dollar interface.
And this way it will be able to play the role of the
substitute if our class passenger,
though imp was not implementing any interface spring,
a Opie will come with this proxy class to extend directly passenger Dow imp
and allow this proxy to play the role of the substitute.
Let's move back to the coat and show the mechanism of
creating proxy objects in action.
Our passenger dollar in class is implementing passenger doll.
So for creating the proxy class, the J.
D K dynamic proxy mechanism is used.
If we have a look in this a o p dot xml class,
we see that the type of the passenger Dobie is exactly passenger dowel imp.
So what would happen if instead of costing toe passenger doll
which is the interface will cost a passenger?
The imp?
Let's check the execution of the program.
Surprise!
We are getting a job.
Are long class cost exception?
The proxy class that is created by spring cannot be
cast to our passenger thou in class.
Why is it happening?
Because Spring is applying the J.
D.
K dynamic proxies strategy and it is creating a proxy class that is
implementing director the passenger now interface.
So even if the two classes are implementing the same interface,
they do not have any inheritance relationship.
So one class cannot be cost toe another one.
Let's show how to force the usage of the sea Jilib
strategy proxy mechanism instead of the J.
D.
K dynamic proxies standard mechanism.
Let's make the class passenger thou imp not to implement any interface.
We are getting the bean from the container and wear custom.
Get directly to passenger thou imp.
That's around the coat success.
The code is running fine.
What did it happen?
Spring GOP used the second mechanism and created a proxy class that
is directly extending the passenger thou in class.
Let's try something more.
Make the passenger the imp class final.
Let's re run the application and we're getting on exception.
The messages are very significant.
Could not generate CD leaps up class of class passenger, thou imp.
Common causes of this problem include using a final
class or a non visible class.
So we are told that spring a O.
P.
Is using the sea Jilib strategy and that it cannot supplies a final class.
Looking back here,
we see that from the two strategies none of them can be applied in this case.
Our passenger thou in plus is no longer implementing any interface.
And when spring a O.
P.
Is trying to subclass it, it fails as our class is a final one.
Let's give up to the idea of making the passenger the Imp class final
and make the get passenger method of final method.
Let's run the application.
You see the execution of the application has succeeded,
but the cross cutting functionality could not be introduced.
This is because spring A O.
P.
Is able to introduce the proxy class by extending the passenger thou in class.
But it is not able to change the behavior of the get passenger method. That method is final.